README.md, before:

# Project 2 - jonchretien

A functional recreation of the front-end of the jonchretien.com website

## Prevalent Technologies Used

- Grids:
    To recreate the galleries and simulate a similar functionality.
- CSS:
    To recreate all of the intricacies in the jonchretien.com website's design.

### Other Technologies Used

Technologies and Tools Used:

|**Languages**|
|:----------------:|
| CSS              |
| HTML             |

|**Tools**|
|:----------------:|
| VSCODE           |
| GitBash          |
| jonchretien.com  |
| W3Schools        |
| CSStricks        |
| Stackoverflow    |

### Changelog

*01-10-2018* : Initial Commit

        - Created folder structure
        - Created local repository
        - Built complete HTML structure and refined containers

*02-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Built header 
        - Styled header elements

*03-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Configured grid elements
        - Added images

*04-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Further configured grid elements
        - Built footer
        - Styled footer
        - Refined font sizes
        - Refined margins

*05-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Added functionality to grid, nav and link elements
        - Refined animations
        - Created linked content
        - Prepared media queries for responsiveness

*07-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Added responsiveness for tablet screens
        - Added responsiveness for mobile screens (incomplete)

*09-10-2018* : Final Commit for Initial Review 

        - Logged changes in the Readme
        - Better aligned grid elements for responsiveness
        - Fixed padding issue

### Live Link

View Live Site Here: https://evanryk.github.io/jonchretien/index.html

## Contributors

Evan Christians - 2018

Commit message:

Rebuilt Markup | Added Mobile Responsiveness | Fixed Global Responsiveness

README.md, after:

# Project 2 - jonchretien

A functional recreation of the front-end of the jonchretien.com website

## Prevalent Technologies Used

- Grids:
    To recreate the galleries and simulate a similar functionality.
- CSS:
    To recreate all of the intricacies in the jonchretien.com website's design.

### Other Technologies Used

Technologies and Tools Used:

|**Languages**|
|:----------------:|
| CSS              |
| HTML             |

|**Tools**|
|:----------------:|
| VSCODE           |
| GitBash          |
| jonchretien.com  |
| W3Schools        |
| CSStricks        |
| Stackoverflow    |

### Changelog

*01-10-2018* : Initial Commit

        - Created folder structure
        - Created local repository
        - Built complete HTML structure and refined containers

*02-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Built header 
        - Styled header elements

*03-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Configured grid elements
        - Added images

*04-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Further configured grid elements
        - Built footer
        - Styled footer
        - Refined font sizes
        - Refined margins

*05-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Added functionality to grid, nav and link elements
        - Refined animations
        - Created linked content
        - Prepared media queries for responsiveness

*07-10-2018* : Changes Pushed

        - Added responsiveness for tablet screens
        - Added responsiveness for mobile screens (incomplete)

*09-10-2018* : Final Commit for Initial Review 

        - Logged changes in the Readme
        - Better aligned grid elements for responsiveness
        - Fixed padding issue

*16-10-2018* : Responsiveness Finalized

        - Logged changes in the Readme
        - Rebuild Markup To use Images instead of Background Images in the CSS
        - Added Responsiveness For Mobile
        - Fixed Global Responsiveness Issues


### Live Link

View Live Site Here: https://evanryk.github.io/jonchretien/index.html

## Contributors

Evan Christians - 2018
